Follow this steps to install remoteCP-4:

    * Download and unzip the ZIP-file into a directory on your web server
    * Open */xml/servers.xml* and edit the server settings
    * (linux only) CHMOD *771* all files in the directory */xml/*
    * (linux only) CHMOD *771* the directory */cache/*
    * Open your remoteCP-4 and login the first time with Username: *admin* and Password: *admin*
    * Select the Maintenance tab and change your admin password
    * (optional) You can also change the system settings to your needs. Take a look into */xml/settings/default/settings.xml*


== Serversettings ==
The */xml/servers.xml* file is very important, for a well running remoteCP-4 system. You have to set up your server config there. Without a valid servers.xml, remoteCP-4 wont run probably!

Most of the file should be self explaining but keep an eye on the values of account and password, it's very important that this matches the SuperAdmin data from your dedicated.cfg file!

{{{
<server>
	<serverid>1</serverid>
	<login>login</login>
	<name>My.Server</name>
	<settingset></settingset>
	<filepath></filepath>
	<connection>
		<ip>localhost</ip>
		<port>5000</port>
		<account>SuperAdmin</account>
		<password>SuperAdmin</password>
	</connection>
	<ftp enabled='false'>
		<host>localhost</host>
		<port></port>
		<username>username</username>
		<password>password</password>
		<path>/GameData/Tracks/</path>
	</ftp>
	<sql enabled='false'>
		<host>localhost</host>
		<username>username</username>
		<password>password</password>
		<dbname>remotecp</dbname>
	</sql>
</server>
}}}

== Settingset option ==
The *settingset* option allows the server administrator to define separate *setting.xml* and *live.xml* files for every server. If this value is set, remoteCP-4 searches in the settingset folder for other setting files.

Example: {{{<settingset>simplesettings</settingset>}}}
remoteCP-4 will search the files *settings.xml* and *live.xml* now inside the folder */xml/settings/simplesettings/*

== Important information ==
It is possible to open and read all XML Files (in some case also .bat and .sh) in any webbrowser, by directly calling the URL of that file. For example:

    * http://www.yourdomain.com/remoteCP4/xml/servers.xml

This will cause a major security problem if you don't you the .htaccess file delivered with the remoteCP-4 download. You shouldn't delete or change that file in any case, if you don't know what your doing.
Please read this for further informations about htaccess:

    * http://httpd.apache.org/docs/1.3/howto/htaccess.html