#Welcome to the remoteCP - Dedicated Server Control Panel - software! This website will help you to install and use your remoteCP.

This section will help you to install and maintain your remoteCP installation, but you will also find some helpfull informations about some more advanced features!

Please note that remoteCP-4 wont support the old Trackmania Original and Trackmania Sunrise Servers! You should use remoteCP-3 for this servers, the supported feature-set is nearly completed.

== *Important information* ==
It is possible to open and read all XML Files (in some case also .bat and .sh) in any webbrowser, by directly calling the URL of that file. For example:

    * http://www.yourdomain.com/remoteCP4/xml/servers.xml


This will cause a major security problem if you don't use the .htaccess file delivered with the remoteCP-4 download. You shouldn't delete or change that file in any case, if you don't know what your doing.
Please read this for further informations about htaccess:

    * http://httpd.apache.org/docs/1.3/howto/htaccess.html


== Whats new? ==

    * Support for most of the new Trackmania Forever features
    * Updated style with highly improved speed and usabillity
    * Fully new javascript's
    * Some new plugins, for example the updated LiveStatus
    * Support for remoteCP [Live] (more info here)


== Downloads ==
You can always download the latest remoteCP version from [http://code.google.com/p/remotecp/downloads/list here]

== Requirements ==
I advise the following parts for the perfect use of remoteCP (version 3.0.0 or newer):

    * A Trackmania Dedicated Server
    * PHP 5.1.3 or newer
    * Around one MegaByte webspace
    * Javascript enabled Webbrowser
    * A MySQL database (optional)
    * A FTP account (optional)


== Support ==
You have multiple ways to request help for your remoteCP. Here are all possible solutions, which you can engage:

    * Visit the remoteCP thread on your prefered official Trackmania forum (english/german)
    * Write an email to remotecp@tmbase.de
    * Visit the bugtracking system at bugtrac.hal-ko.de